The Myth of Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence, Cyberwarfare, and Military Preparedness
NFTs  The Reinvention of Property
The Nanotech Revolution
The State of the Ether: A Discussion
Quantum Computing: What Does it Change?
Broadband Brawl on Network Neutrality
Innovations in Biotech: Killing Disease and Living Longer
Doom: The Politics of Catastrophe
Knowledge vs Doom
Survival of the Fittest or Survival of the Statist? Darwin's Real Legacy for Economics
The New IC: From Nanoscale to Waferscale
AI 2041:  Ten Visions for Our Future
Is It the End for Silicon Valley?
Not Showing at a Theater Near You
Life After Capitalism
Greed, Self-Interest, Altruism, and Free Enterprise
Woke Capitalism: What's Going on?
Gaming AI
How the Changes in China Constitute a Strategic Threat to the U.S. and the World
How China's Economy and Trade Policies with the U.S. Have Changed
How the Culture and Politics of China have Fundamentally Changed
Homelessness
Mob Rule in Seattle
Gale Pooley, Killing Thanos: Defeating the Ideology of Scarcity by Thinking in Time
Can we make machines in our image?
Why Machines Will Never Think
Goods Movement and Alternative Fuels: Key Initiatives & Policy that Impact the West Coast Corridor
Will the Machines Take Over? Human Uniqueness in the Age of Smart Machines
How News Ideas on Trade & Money Can Revive the US Economy
What is the Impact of Raising Taxes on the Wealthy?
The War on Humans
How do we Spur Innovation & Job Creation?
Why Are You Hopeful for America?
What is the Best Way to Care for the Poor?
How Do Tax Rates Affect Revenue?
What is Different About Capitalism?
Is Capitalism Based on Greed
What was Darwin's Doubt?
Where Does Economic Growth Come From?
Science & Human Origins: How accurate are current models used in population genetics?
What are the implications of the book Science & Human Origins for the Darwinian paradigm
Is There Enough Time For Humans to have Evolved from Apes?
The Myth of Junk DNA
What Lessons Have We Failed to Learn from 9/11: Senator Slade Gorton Discusses
Journey Inside The Cell
Explore Evolution
Intelligent Design: Who Designed the Designer?
Is antibiotic resistance evidence for Darwinian evolution?
